error handling links and answers (#3469)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/faq/questions/using-cypress-faq.md

- Debug the error instance itself
- Prevent Cypress from failing the test

This is documented in detail on the {% url "Catalog Of Events" catalog-of-events %} page and the recipe {% url 'Handling errors' recipes#Fundamentals %}.

> ## {% fa fa-angle-right %} Does Cypress test fail when an application has unhandled rejected promise?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## {% fa fa-angle-right %} Will Cypress fail the test when an application has unhandled rejected promise?
```
